security: add doc for password management (#11450)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- Set the JWKS refresh interval for the `tidb_auth_token` authentication method.
- Default value: `1h`

### `disconnect-on-expired-password` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.5.0</span>

> - Determines whether to disconnect the client connection when the password is expired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Determines whether TiDB disconnects the client connection when the password is expired.
```
